## Accomplishments:

**Tasks for event modeling diagram generation tool:**
- Experimented with creating functional transform<T,D> method and found it doesn't work
- Maximized function composition by making private module functions compose and only expose a final function for users
- Ported over relevant Rust code and tests to Haskell
- Rewrote algebra design for Haskell event model tool to be clearer
- Implemented inner Script logic using TDD
- Figured out how to do algebraic laws in Haskell
- Implemented filter method in Haskell code using TDD

## Learned Along the Way:

**In relation to putting algebra driven design into practice in Rust:**
- I expected input parsing to have more complexity than simply stubbing out the foundational layer so could be challenging. It turned out that the implementation process revealed that algebra design needed some extra stuff to be more expressive and inline with the domain of parsing, was not too bad though. Feels like algebra driven design is helping me to avoid the worries in the back of my mind of missed complexity detail.
- I expected redesigning the verbiage to allow easier parsing and simpler understanding would take a long time since I have so many examples and tests. It turned out that it wasn't as bad as I thought and the verbiage is looking a lot more precise and easier to parse. Refactoring is always worth it.
- I was worried the transformation type method might be tough due to Rust's restrictions on currying. Turns out I was right, have to put on hold till later. Currying is nice but it's for conciseness, not necessary the crux of functional programming.
- Learned that unit testing in Rust intended for assert!(false); to be replaced by a panic!()
- Learned that Rust pattern matching does a lot to make expression parsing a lot easier
- With Haskell you have to stay super super disciplined about module imports and specify yourself which is from an external thing. Basically a lot of good things that Rust enforces to make production code work well.
- Haskell's documentation is very much lacking for newcomers
- Haskell's documentation is really bad compared to Rust
- After overcoming Stack learning curve and understanding how to add dependency, Haskell became a breeze to port algebra driven design and Rust code over
- I expected learning curve for Haskell to not  be that much since I'm so used to Rust's strictness already. Turns out there still was a learning curve, but more with Stack as a package manager than Haskell as a programming language, Rust actually does some things better and it wasn't a hard switch at all, functional programming paradigms are more generic than I thought.
- Figuring out argument parsing in Haskell was surprisingly difficult compared to Rust
- After trying out like 5 different Haskell argument parsing options. One won out as the best one for ease of use, documentation and functionality. argparser is the one. I am so happy yet incredibly sad at the poor state of Haskell documentation
- Super disapointed at Haskell's moduling system or lack of filtering and separation
- Apparently Haskell typeclass rules Applicative and Functor is a way to embody an algebraic law
- I think I figured out how to use typeclasses as a way to encapsulate algebraic data type laws. You can determine simplistic composable ways to create your exportable signature for the domain. Still requires you to document your algebraic laws though, maybe in a comments or something
-I figured out a seemingly good way to express encapsulation in project structure in Haskell. Folder name can be domain name, Functions, Data file represent associate functions and data, folder called Internal represents inner domain not intended to be exposed to outside users.
- Completely blown away by Haskell's terrible documentation on how to access custom data type's fields, super annoyed
- Figured out that typeclasses are the strongest ways to express algebraic laws and composable primitive functions that can be used in combination to form a domain's interface functions
- Haskell really lacked production mindset in its practices so I have to codify a set of good constraint practices from Rust and algebra driven design to make Haskell code more understandable to new comers

**In relation to Haskell implementation of event modeling diagram using algebra driven design**
- Really sad about Haskell's moduling system and its implication on unit testing compared to Rust's better handling of it

**In relation to Functional Reactive Programming**
- Heard about Functional Reactive Programming and it looks promising in terms of GUI and game making

**In relation to docker ide**
- For Docker neo vim ctrl-p was an issue in that docker would listen in on it to try to execute a docker detachment, had to set docker config detach key to ctrl-z,z in order to prevent that problem in neovim
- Learned that need to use colorscheme peachpuff in neovim to work with Solarized Light in Windows Terminal
